Remove 76 rules deprecated in 15.0.0 (#6979)
stylelint/stylelint: docs/migration-guide/to-15.md

- `media-feature-range-operator-space-after`
- `media-feature-range-operator-space-before`
- `media-query-list-comma-newline-after`
- `media-query-list-comma-newline-before`
- `media-query-list-comma-space-after`
- `media-query-list-comma-space-before`
- `no-empty-first-line`
- `no-eol-whitespace`
- `no-extra-semicolons`
- `no-missing-end-of-source-newline`
- `number-leading-zero`
- `number-no-trailing-zeros`
- `property-case`
- `selector-attribute-brackets-space-inside`
- `selector-attribute-operator-space-after`
- `selector-attribute-operator-space-before`
- `selector-combinator-space-after`
- `selector-combinator-space-before`
- `selector-descendant-combinator-no-non-space`
- `selector-list-comma-newline-after`
- `selector-list-comma-newline-before`
- `selector-list-comma-space-after`
- `selector-list-comma-space-before`
- `selector-max-empty-lines`
- `selector-pseudo-class-case`
- `selector-pseudo-class-parentheses-space-inside`
- `selector-pseudo-element-case`
- `string-quotes`
- `unicode-bom`
- `unit-case`
- `value-list-comma-newline-after`
- `value-list-comma-newline-before`
- `value-list-comma-space-after`
- `value-list-comma-space-before`

> - `value-list-max-empty-lines`

Reviewer: Maybe add a sentence with a link to https://stylelint.io/user-guide/cli/#--quiet-deprecation-warnings?

Author: Since the flag was only introduced past `15.0.0`, would it make sense to add a sentence in the `to-15` guide? And/or any suggestions on how to phrase the sentence?

Reviewer 2: People would benefit from knowing about that option now, less so when we release 16.0.0. I'll open a PR to add it.

  ]
}
```

> ## List of Deprecated Rules

Reviewer 3: [suggest] Sorry for the minor suggestion, but how about keeping header consistency?

```suggestion
## List of deprecated rules
```

> These rules are deprecated - we removed them in v16. We recommend you use a pretty printer (like Prettier) alongside Stylelint rather than these rules.

Reviewer 3: [suggest] I have minor suggestions:

- how about `x.y.z` format for consistency (e.g. `Migrating to 15.0.0`)?
- how about removing the details because Prettier is mentioned in the section above?

```suggestion
These rules are deprecated - we removed them in 16.0.0.
```

Anyway, thanks for moving the deprecated list. 😊 👍🏼
